hello everybody welcome back to another
video of Greenstar walkthroughs today
we'll be doing the boon Wow boo Moon
Galaxy this first star is pretty tricky
so don't think I'll get on your first
try unless you're really good at timing
long jumps and running around upside
down and right-side up and all that
stuff but you'll see what I mean a
minute all right so you want to get past
all this avoid a booth of course you
don't want to get hit
spinning does help but be careful on how
much you do it and where the boos go is
usually they all follow you once you
spin I like how they brought back these
moving blocks like in mario world where
you were in the castle I think was
Martin really wasn't it but anyways you
had to keep on moving or I'll see you to
fall off into the lava heck they even
had it in the new Mario by this week
yeah right there is a pretty good spot
to get extra lives even though if you
die you lose one it's still a to life
upgrade you know and as long as you're
on the topic of extra lives there's a
level I don't remember what it's called
but it's I believe it's the melty
monster galaxy where you have to do a
rock Mario run but you can do that over
and over again
to get extra lives alright so once you
get to this point avoid the launch star
late at the edge and then jump off onto
the new blocks here's that here's a
really fun tricky part you want to make
your way along the path of blocks be
careful about getting killed and about
this game I got myself killed alright
let's do this again I'll get this time
yeah you may have noticed a it's either
a video or audio skip I had to cut it
out cuz I died so many times in this
video of course I made you that a lot of
often because I'm not perfect at this
game alright so forget their lives
all right onto the new block
moving out
before the friend those are booze
combined with those octopus things that
shoot out coconuts and fire are you it I
guess
this time I'll get it for sure
all right so around this point you want
to run out and long jump and hopefully
spin you know get it